Bugfix/163-ignore-timestamps-in-udf-wait-strategy (#164)
exasol/exasol-testcontainers: doc/changes/changes_5.0.0.md

# Test containers for Exasol on Docker 5.0.0, released 2021-09-??

> Code name: Improve test stability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code name: Improved UDF container status detection
```

> This release improves test stability when running multiple tests while reusing containers (`withReuse(true)`). Before, the availiability check for the UDF service (`.withRequiredServices(ExasolService.UDF)`) could cause the startup to fail with a timeout because the log pattern detector ignored log entries with an outdated timestamp:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 5.0.0 of the Exasol Testcontainers improves test stability when running multiple tests while reusing containers (`withReuse(true)`). Before, the availiability check for the UDF service (`.withRequiredServices(ExasolService.UDF)`) could cause the startup to fail with a timeout because the log pattern detector ignored log entries with an outdated timestamp:
```
